had a neighbour, he has gone now, much older than myself, you know, and when there was
the bombing in Brighton, do you remember Maggie Thatcher was involved and certain people got
hurt, my next door neighbour who came from Pontiades, he was from a mining family and
I was out in the garden and over the fence he said to me, well I don't know if the miners
have done this. Oh well I was so angry, I said the miners, I said of course it wasn't
the miners, but I don't know what people are like, I haven't mixed enough probably and
where he got that idea from I just can't believe and I said well the IRA, you know, why would
he say such awful things and he was from a mining family himself, that's what I can't
understand. I didn't hear a lot of other comments to be honest except for some of the electricians
and my next door neighbour, so you know that was a bit of a shock as well.